flake.nix: add overlay less method to use `nixosModules.nur` (#454)
nix-community/NUR: README.md

***NUR does not check the repository for malicious content on a regular basis
and it is recommended to check the expressions before installing them.***

### Using the flake in NixOS

Using overlays and modules from NUR in your configuration is fairly straight forward.

In your flake.nix add `nur.nixosModules.nur` to your module list:

```nix
{
  inputs.nur.url = github:nix-community/NUR;

  outputs = { self, nixpkgs, nur }: {
    nixosConfigurations.myConfig = nixpkgs.lib.nixosSystem {
      # ...
      modules = [
        nur.nixosModules.nur
        # This adds a nur configuration option.
        # Use `config.nur` for packages like this:
        #  ({ config, ... }: {
        #    environment.systemPackages = [ config.nur.repos.mic92.hello-nur ];
        #  })
        # To import NixOS modules use `config.nur-modules` instead.
        # DO NOT use `config.nur` as this will lead to infinite recursion!
      ];
    };
  };
}
```

> You cannot use `config.nur` for importing NixOS modules from NUR as this will lead to inifinite recursion errros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot use `config.nur` for importing NixOS modules from NUR as this will lead to infinite recursion errors.
```
